[Music]
[Applause]
Lorain Broughton next but an
escape-and-evasion provisions and
intelligence collection let's cut the
crap
shall we
and hand-to-hand combat that's an
impressive set of skills talents can be
overweight Lorraine how will do you know
James Gascoigne enough to say though
he's dead
[Music]
find out who's hunting down our
operatives what a lot of brave men and
women they're gonna show up dead your
contact he's David Percival let me help
you with your bags welcome to Berlin
sake
trust no one
Oh bonkers you look like you need saving
[Music]
so you made contact with the French
operative obviously
I think I love you that's too
bad she's a Killer Queen
[Music]